1. dedicate 投入/奉獻/獻出
    He dedicated two years to mastering C++ and LLVM.
    This server has a dedicated GPU for training the AI model.
    For 18 months, this author has dedicated himself to writing a book 
    about the snacks available in Taiwanese night markets.
2. distinguish 分辨
    As an art expert, Yoyo can easily distinguish a real painting from a copy.
    It is difficult to accurately distinguish between genuine antiques and clever fakes.
3. accurate 精準的/精確的
    Yoyo had his watch fixed because it was not accurate in telling time.
    A professional taster can distinguish expensive wine from cheap ones.
4. indicate 指出, indication 跡象
    A sudden drop in temperature is usually an indication that a storm is approaching.
    Recent research clearly indicates that only 3% of the children 
    in this country get as much daily exercise as they should.
5. reluctant 不情願的
    He was reluctant to leave the party because he was having so much fun.
    John reluctantly agreed to tidy his bedroom after his mother had asked him for the fourth time.
6. desperate 拚命的
    The hikers were lost in the mountains and desperately needed water.
    The little girl was desperate for her parents' attention, so she kept 
    dropping spoons and forks on the floor.
7. trace 痕跡/追蹤
    Despite their efforts, the police found no trace of the stolen jewelry.
    The family's history can be traced back to the 18th century.

### 單字
cabin 機艙
bride 新娘
admire 欽佩
shiver 顫抖
potion 藥劑
formula 配方
journal 日誌
anounce 宣布
cuisine 菜餚
spinach 菠菜
suclude 隔離
fade 逐漸消失
stuffy 阻塞的
stadium 體育場
bland 平淡無味的
flavoring 調味料
collapse 倒下/倒塌
hamstring 後腿肌腱
nasal spray 鼻噴劑
miraculously 奇蹟般地
faint 微弱的/昏厥/暈倒
spectator (體育比賽的)觀眾

### 片語
tend to 照顧
put aside 擱置
come up with 想出
take off 出發/起飛
regardless of 不管
slip away 消逝/死去
subject ... to 承受
fly into a rage 勃然大怒
carry through 幫助 ... 渡過難關
rise on one's feet (重新)站起來
has one's heart set on 一心一意想要做某事

> in comparision **with**
